# Assignment Group Assignment
><strong> Application Integration:</strong>
><br> Make sure website is uniformly structured and uses all applicable APIs from Assignment 4: 
><p> Structure is re-used from Assignment 2 so all pages have the same format. There should eventually be integration buttons so the Home Page has navigation to all user actions, since there are 6 Razor Pages and >multiple functions within many, it makes more sense to link these on the home page over the nav bar. </p>
><p>Made sure all CRUD opperations work plus figured out binary[] exception issue.</p>
><strong> Note: All Database Updates need to be applied, files are located in SQL Folder as "UserEncryptDatabaseUpdate.sql" and "Shipments Update Assignment 4 NF.sql"</strong>

# Individual Work
## Natalia Furmanek 
### Razor Pages: 
><strong> ShipmentCrud (All Functional Parts) </strong> </br>
>Shows All Shipment information and includes navigation from Home/Index Page. Users are able to perform all CRUD opperations and navigate back home easily.

><p> <strong> TrackingCrud (Read Only) </strong> <br>
>Page where users can view tracking information about all shipments. Users are able read tracking information and Details. </p> 

><p> <strong> Home Page </strong> <br>
>Reformatted Home Page to create visual interest and include navigation.
>Code from Bootswatch is used as a placeholder for additional dropdown and information we would want to add or generate for the final project.
><br> <em> These can include but are not limited to: </em> </br>
>  
> - Weather Information
> - User Tutorials
> - Mission Statement
   
</p>

## Leonardo Cuellar
### Razor Pages:
><strong> ShipmentWarehouse (All Functional Parts) </strong> </br>
>Users are able to perform all CRUD operations to interact with the warehouse class.>
></br>

**Database Updates Clarifications** </br>
To replicate our work, and not get binary to string errors. I had to do the following: 
1. Create the Column Master Key (CMK) via SSMS

	1.	Open SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS).
	2.	Navigate to your database under Security > Always Encrypted Keys > Column Master Keys.
	3.	Right-click Column Master Keys and select New Column Master Key.
	4.	Provide the following details:
	•	Key Name: Enter a name for the key (e.g., CMK_Auto1).
	•	Key Store Provider: Select MSSQL_CERTIFICATE_STORE if using a certificate.
	•	Certificate Path: Specify the certificate path for your key.
	5.	Click OK to create the Column Master Key.

2. Create the Column Encryption Key (CEK) via SSMS

	1.	After creating the CMK, navigate to Column Encryption Keys under Always Encrypted Keys.
	2.	Right-click Column Encryption Keys and select New Column Encryption Key.
	3.	Provide the following details:
	•	Key Name: Enter a name for the key (e.g., CEK_Auto1).
	•	Column Master Key: Select the previously created CMK_Auto1.
	4.	Click OK to create the Column Encryption Key.

Generated by ChatGPT to help debug and document it. 
## Luke Chittenden
### Razor Pages:
><strong> VehicleCRUD (All Functional Parts) </strong> </br>
>Users are able to perform all CRUD operations to interact with the vehicle class.>
></br>

**References** </br>
Used ChatGPT to help with an error </br>
Prompt: Do you know why I am getting this error in my Index.cshtml.cs file? </br>
*Provided error message*
